[Documentation] [General Template] Transformers QnA (#736)
neuralmagic/sparseml: src/sparseml/transformers/README_question_answering.md

> # SparseML Transformer Question Answer Integration

Reviewer: should it really be:
SparseML Transformer Question Answering Integration

> SparseML Question Answer pipeline integrates with Hugging Face’s Transformers library to enable the sparsification of a large set of transformers models.

Reviewer: Question Answer = Question Answering (?)

Sparsification is a powerful technique that results in faster, smaller, and cheaper deployable models. 
After training, the model can be deployed with Neural Magic's DeepSparse Engine. The engine enables inference with GPU-class performance directly on your CPU.

This integration enables spinning up one of the following end-to-end functionalities:
- **Sparsification of Popular Transformer Models** - easily sparsify any popular Hugging Face transformer models. 

> - **Sparse Transfer Learning** - fine-tune a sparse backbone model (or use one of our [sparse pre-trained models](https://sparsezoo.neuralmagic.com/?page=1&domain=nlp&sub_domain=question_answering)) on your own, private dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Sparse Transfer Learning** - fine-tune a sparse backbone model (or use one of our [sparse pre-trained models](https://sparsezoo.neuralmagic.com/?page=1&domain=nlp&sub_domain=question_answering)) on your own private dataset.
```

  --distill_teacher disable \                       # disable knowledge destillation
  --recipe zoo:nlp/question_answering/bert-base/pytorch/huggingface/squad/pruned-aggressive_98          
```

### Sparse Transfer Learning

Once you sparsify a model using SparseML, you can easily sparse fine-tune it on a new dataset.
While you are free to use your backbone, we encourage you to leverage one of our [sparse pre-trained models](https://sparsezoo.neuralmagic.com) to boost your productivity!

In the example below, we fetch a pruned, quantized BERT model, pre-trained on Wikipedia and Bookcorpus datasets. We then fine-tune the model to the SQuAD dataset. 
```bash
sparseml.transformers.question_answering \
    --model_name_or_path zoo:nlp/masked_language_modeling/bert-base/pytorch/huggingface/wikipedia_bookcorpus/12layer_pruned80_quant-none-vnni \
    --dataset_name squad \
    --do_train \
    --do_eval \
    --output_dir './output' \ 
    --distill_teacher disable \
    --recipe zoo:nlp/masked_language_modeling/bert-base/pytorch/huggingface/wikipedia_bookcorpus/12layer_pruned80_quant-none-vnni?recipe_type=transfer-question_answering \
```

#### Knowledge Distillation

> By modifying the `distill_teacher` argument, you can enable [Knowledge Destillation](https://neptune.ai/blog/knowledge-distillation) (KD) functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By modifying the `distill_teacher` argument, you can enable [Knowledge Distillation](https://neptune.ai/blog/knowledge-distillation) (KD) functionality.
```

```bash
sparseml.transformers.question_answering --help
```
output:
```bash
  --model_name_or_path MODEL_NAME_OR_PATH
                        Path to pre-trained model or model identifier from huggingface.co/models
  --distill_teacher DISTILL_TEACHER
                        Teacher model which needs to be a trained QA model
  --cache_dir CACHE_DIR 
                        Directory path to store the pre-trained models downloaded from huggingface.co
  --recipe RECIPE       
                        Path to a SparseML sparsification recipe, see https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparseml for more information
  --dataset_name DATASET_NAME
                        The name of the dataset to use (via the datasets library).
  ...
```

To learn about the Hugging Face Transformers parameters in more detail, refer to [Hugging Face Transformers documentation](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main_classes/trainer#transformers.TrainingArguments).

## Once the Training is Done...

The artifacts of the training process are saved to the directory `--output_dir`. Once the script terminates, you should find there everything required to deploy or further modify the model. 

> This includes the recipe (with the full description of the sparsification attributes), checkpoint files (saved in the appropriate framework format), Hugging Face Transformer's specific files (e.g. the tokenizer), etc.

Author: @jeanniefinks Not sure whether I want to remove that information, sitting on the fence here. I do not like this paragraph very much, but I think it delivers an important message. Maybe rewording would be the best way out? Or maybe if a third reviewer also finds this paragraph unnecessary I would be ok with removing it.

> This includes the recipe (with the full description of the sparsification attributes), checkpoint files (saved in the appropriate framework format), Hugging Face Transformer's specific files (e.g. the tokenizer), etc.

Reviewer 2: I would prefer to keep this change `Hugging Face Transformer's specific files (e.g. the tokenizer), etc.` to `configuration files for the tokenizer and dataset, etc.`

> This includes the recipe (with the full description of the sparsification attributes), checkpoint files (saved in the appropriate framework format), Hugging Face Transformer's specific files (e.g. the tokenizer), etc.

Reviewer 2: actually, after reading the context above, we can definitely remove as this repeats

# SparseML Transformer Question Answer Integration

> SparseML Question Answer pipeline integrates with Hugging Face’s Transformers library to enable the sparsification of any transformer model.

Author: Right.

> SparseML Question Answer pipeline integrates with Hugging Face’s Transformers library to enable the sparsification of any transformer model.

Author: ```suggestion
SparseML Question Answer pipeline integrates with Hugging Face’s Transformers library to enable the sparsification of a large set of transformers models.
```

- **Sparsification of Popular Transformer Models** - easily sparsify any popular Hugging Face transformer models. 
- **Sparse Transfer Learning** - fine-tune a sparse backbone model (or use one of our [sparse pre-trained models](https://sparsezoo.neuralmagic.com/?page=1&domain=nlp&sub_domain=question_answering)) on your own, private dataset.

## Installation

```pip install sparseml[torch]```

It is recommended to run Python 3.8 as some of the scripts within the transformers repository require it.

Note: Transformers will not immediately install with this command. Instead, a sparsification-compatible version of Transformers will install on the first invocation of the Transformers code in SparseML.

## Tutorials

- [Sparsifying BERT Models Using Recipes](https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparseml/blob/main/integrations/huggingface-transformers/tutorials/sparsifying_bert_using_recipes.md)
- [Sparse Transfer Learning With BERT](https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparseml/blob/main/integrations/huggingface-transformers/tutorials/bert_sparse_transfer_learning.md)

## Getting Started

### Sparsifying Popular Transformer Models

> Sparse ML Hugging Face Question Answer integration allows sparsifying any dense transformer.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> Sparse ML Hugging Face Question Answer integration allows sparsifying any dense transformer.

Author: Good point.

  --distill_teacher DISTILL_TEACHER
                        Teacher model which needs to be a trained QA model
  --cache_dir CACHE_DIR 
                        Directory path to store the pre-trained models downloaded from huggingface.co
  --recipe RECIPE       
                        Path to a SparseML sparsification recipe, see https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparseml for more information
  --dataset_name DATASET_NAME
                        The name of the dataset to use (via the datasets library).
  ...
```

To learn about the Hugging Face Transformers parameters in more detail, refer to [Hugging Face Transformers documentation](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main_classes/trainer#transformers.TrainingArguments).

## Once the Training is Done...

The artifacts of the training process are saved to the directory `--output_dir`. Once the script terminates, the directory will have everything required to deploy or further modify the model such as:
- The recipe (with the full description of the sparsification attributes).
- Checkpoint files (saved in the appropriate framework format).

> - Additional configuration files (e.g. tokenizer, dataset info)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Additional configuration files (e.g., tokenizer, dataset info).
```

  --distill_teacher DISTILL_TEACHER
                        Teacher model which needs to be a trained QA model
  --cache_dir CACHE_DIR 
                        Directory path to store the pre-trained models downloaded from huggingface.co
  --recipe RECIPE       
                        Path to a SparseML sparsification recipe, see https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparseml for more information
  --dataset_name DATASET_NAME
                        The name of the dataset to use (via the datasets library).
  ...
```

To learn about the Hugging Face Transformers parameters in more detail, refer to [Hugging Face Transformers documentation](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main_classes/trainer#transformers.TrainingArguments).

## Once the Training is Done...

The artifacts of the training process are saved to the directory `--output_dir`. Once the script terminates, the directory will have everything required to deploy or further modify the model such as:
- The recipe (with the full description of the sparsification attributes).
- Checkpoint files (saved in the appropriate framework format).

> - Hugging Face Transformer's specific files (e.g., the tokenizer).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Additional configuration files (e.g. tokenizer, dataset info)
```

This includes the recipe (with the full description of the sparsification attributes), checkpoint files (saved in the appropriate framework format), Hugging Face Transformer's specific files (e.g. the tokenizer), etc.

### Exporting the Sparse Model to ONNX

The DeepSparse Engine uses the ONNX format to load neural networks and then deliver breakthrough performance for CPUs by leveraging the sparsity and quantization within a network.

The SparseML installation provides a `sparseml.transformers.export_onnx` command that you can use to load the training model folder and create a new `model.onnx` file within. Be sure the `--model_path` argument points to your trained model. 
```bash
sparseml.transformers.export_onnx \
    --model_path './output' \
    --task 'question-answering' 
```

### DeepSparse Engine Deployment

Once the model is exported in the ONNX format, it is ready for deployment with the DeepSparse Engine. 

The deployment is intuitive due to the DeepSparse Python API.

```python

> from deepsparse.pipeline import Pipeline

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
from deepsparse import Pipeline
```

## Getting Started

*This should explain to the user in the learn-by-doing fashion about the functionalities of the pipeline.*

### Sparsification of Popular Transformer Models

Sparse ML Hugging Face Question Answer integration allows sparsifying any dense transformer.

In the example below, a dense BERT model is trained on the SQuAD dataset. By passing the recipe `zoo:nlp/question_answering/bert-base/pytorch/huggingface/squad/pruned-aggressive_98` (located in [SparseZoo](https://sparsezoo.neuralmagic.com/models/nlp%2Fquestion_answering%2Fbert-base%2Fpytorch%2Fhuggingface%2Fsquad%2Fpruned-aggressive_98)) we modify (sparsify) the training process and/or the model.

```python
sparseml.transformers.question_answering \
  --model_name_or_path bert-base-uncased \          # name of the Hugging Face dense model
  --dataset_name squad \                            # name of the dataset we want to sparse train on
  --do_train \                                      # run training
  --do_eval \                                       # run evaluation on validation set 
  --output_dir './output' \                         # output directory of the saved model

>   --cache_dir cache \                               # local directory to store the downloaded hugging face model."   

Author: ```suggestion
  --cache_dir cache \                               # local directory to store the downloaded hugging face model.  
```

The artifacts of the training process are saved to the directory `--output_dir`. Once the script terminates, you should find there everything required to deploy or further modify the model. 

This includes the recipe (with the full description of the sparsification attributes), checkpoint files (saved in the appropriate framework format), Hugging Face Transformer's specific files (e.g. the tokenizer), etc.

### Exporting the Sparse Model to ONNX

*This subsection should explain to the user how to export their trained, sparse model to ONNX format.*

The DeepSparse Engine uses the ONNX format to load neural networks and then deliver breakthrough performance for CPUs by leveraging the sparsity and quantization within a network.

The SparseML installation provides a `sparseml.transformers.export_onnx` command that you can use to load the training model folder and create a new `model.onnx` file within. Be sure the `--model_path` argument points to your trained model. 
```bash
sparseml.transformers.export_onnx \
    --model_path './output' \

>     --task 'question-answering' \

Author: ```suggestion
    --task 'question-answering' 
```
